Enable PSTN Dialout in ACS Rooms (#36821)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-java: sdk/communication/azure-communication-rooms/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History
## 1.1.0-beta.1 (2023-09-28)
### Features Added

> - Added Support for PSTN DialOut Capability in Azure Communication Services Rooms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Support for PSTN Dial Out Capability in Azure Communication Services Rooms
```

Author: Updated
